the pick-6 where luck meets preparation
and changes the momentum of an entire
game interception touchdown zone or more
just luck and just being in the right
spots the right time and they will
capitalize on opportunities AJ Klein has
his fair share of success with pick
sixes the senior sits alone atop the
record books at Iowa State with four
touchdowns by a defensive player we give
plays like that because you do your job
and then when you're in the right
position you exceed at it and and he and
he does was it always this way going
back to your high school days did you
had the knack for making big plays I had
I made a few big plays but I mean I
didn't make it man I have his flying
success with interceptions comes from
countless hours in the film room and a
great awareness level to know where to
be at all times he has a great feel for
the game is he knows what's going on
around him he knows where his help is
and all those kind of things for he's
supposed to be now one of the big things
in that Texas Tech game where you're
intercepted set dagi look like you were
reading his eyes the whole way was that
something that coach Wally Burnham
teaches you guys when you get more
comfortable with the game you're able to
read the quarterback size more often
because wherever his eyes are for the
balls gonna be going obviously going up
against one of the better quarterbacks
in country leave Lee Jones does that
kind of make you guys as a defense lick
your chops knowing you're going up
against the best to be the best you got
to beat the best then going up against
some of the highest powered offenses in
the nation the past couple weeks and
we've done well we've done very well
racist 30 40 50 student section off to
your side they're going nuts bananas
that emotion I gotta imagine is one of
the best you've ever felt it is I mean
every time I have the opportunity to get
in the end zone or make a big play it's
huge for our team and it's you take
pride in it because you come over here
and everybody's giving you phrase I
let's eat up in the looking up in the
student sections and everybody going
crazy
a cyclone record
you